Update configuration.asciidoc (#401)
elastic/apm-agent-php: docs/configuration.asciidoc

ifdef::env-github[]
NOTE: For the best reading experience,
please view this documentation at https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/php[elastic.co].
endif::[]

[[configuration]]
== Configuration

Utilize configuration options to adapt the Elastic APM agent to your needs.

> Configure settings via the `php.ini` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to configure settings is with the `php.ini` file:```

DEBUG
TRACE
----

> For example, if you specify `WARNING` log level, only log records with levels `WARNING`, `ERROR`, and `CRITICAL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you specify a `WARNING` log level, only log records with levels `WARNING`, `ERROR`, and `CRITICAL`
```

will be emitted.

`OFF` is only used to disable agent logging.

> Log records cannot use `OFF`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The {agent} supports logging to the following sinks: syslog and stderr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent supports logging to the following sinks: syslog and stderr.
```

| None       | String
|============

> This string is used to ensure that only your {agent}s can send data to your APM Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This string is used to ensure that only your agents can send data to your APM Server.
```

> You must have created the API key using the APM Servers {apm-server-ref-v}/api-key.html[command line tool].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have created the API key using the APM Server {apm-server-ref-v}/api-key.html[command line tool].
```

| false       | Boolean
|============

> Setting to false will completely disable the {agent}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting to false will completely disable the agent.
```

| None       | Log level
|============

The fallback configuration setting to control the logging level for the {agent}.

> This setting occurs when the sink specific option is not set explicitly.

Author: Let me know if this rephrase works. I think I got it but not totally confident.

> The fallback configuration setting to control the logging level for the {agent}.
> This setting occurs when the sink specific option is not set explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fallback configuration setting to control the logging level for the agent.
Only used when a sink-specific option is not explicitly set.
```

| None       | String
|============

> This string is used to ensure that only your {agent}s can send data to your APM Server.
> Both the {agent}s and the APM Server have to be configured with the same secret token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This string is used to ensure that only your agents can send data to your APM Server.
Both the agents and the APM Server have to be configured with the same secret token.
```

|============

If a request sending events to the APM server takes longer than the configured timeout,
the request is canceled and the events are discarded.

This configuration option supports the duration suffixes: `ms`, `s` and `m`.
For example: `10s`.
This option's default unit is `s`, so `5` is interpreted as `5s`.

If the value is `0` (or `0ms`, `0s`, etc.) the timeout for sending events to the APM Server is disabled.

> If the value is negative and invalid, the default value is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Negative values are invalid and result in the default value being used instead.
```

|============

This is used to keep all the errors and transactions of your service together
and is the primary filter in the Elastic APM user interface.

NOTE: The service name must conform to this regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9 _-]+$`.

> Your service name must only contain characters from the ASCII alphabet,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, a service name must only contain characters from the ASCII alphabet,
```

| 500       | Integer
|============

This limits the amount of spans that are recorded per transaction.
This is helpful in cases where a transaction creates a very high amount of spans,
for example, thousands of SQL queries.
Setting an upper limit helps prevent overloading the Agent and APM server in these edge cases.

If the value is `0` no spans will be collected.

> If the value is negative and invalid, the default value is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Negative values are invalid and result in the default value being used instead.
```

|============

By default, the agent will sample every transaction (e.g., a request to your service).
To reduce overhead and storage requirements, set the sample rate to a value between `0.0` and `1.0`.
The agent still records the overall time and result for unsampled transactions,

> but not for context information, labels, or spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but not context information, labels, or spans.
```
